docs: Add Identity Management API to iOS Swift SDK (#709)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/ios_sdk/en/ios-swift-sdk.md

{{/partial:tab}}
{{/partial:tabs}}

> ## Identity Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Identity management
```

{{partial:tabs tabs="Swift, Obj-C"}}
{{partial:tab name="Swift"}}
```swift
// Method 1: Set the entire identity
let newIdentity = Identity(userId: "user-123", deviceId: "device-456", userProperties: ["plan": "premium"])
amplitude.identity = newIdentity

// Method 2: Update individual properties
amplitude.identity.userId = "user-123"
amplitude.identity.deviceId = "device-456"
amplitude.identity.userProperties = ["plan": "premium"]
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{partial:tab name="Obj-C"}}
```objc
// Method 1: Create and set a new identity
Identity *newIdentity = [[Identity alloc] init];
newIdentity.userId = @"user-123";
newIdentity.deviceId = @"device-456";
newIdentity.userProperties = @{@"plan": @"premium"};
amplitude.identity = newIdentity;

// Method 2: Update individual properties
amplitude.identity.userId = @"user-123";
amplitude.identity.deviceId = @"device-456";
amplitude.identity.userProperties = @{@"plan": @"premium"};
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{/partial:tabs}}

When you update the identity, the SDK:
1. Persists the changes to storage
2. Notifies plugins about the identity change
3. Automatically sends an identify event if user properties have changed

> ### Legacy Identity Methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Legacy identity methods
```

The legacy methods for setting user and device IDs still work and update the identity object internally:

{{partial:tabs tabs="Swift, Obj-C"}}
{{partial:tab name="Swift"}}
```swift
// These methods update the identity object internally
amplitude.setUserId(userId: "user-123")
amplitude.setDeviceId(deviceId: "device-456")

// These are equivalent to:
amplitude.identity.userId = "user-123"
amplitude.identity.deviceId = "device-456"
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{partial:tab name="Obj-C"}}
```objc
// These methods update the identity object internally
[amplitude setUserId:@"user-123"];
[amplitude setDeviceId:@"device-456"];

// These are equivalent to:
amplitude.identity.userId = @"user-123";
amplitude.identity.deviceId = @"device-456";
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{/partial:tabs}}

> ### User Properties in Identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### User properties in identity
```

{{partial:tabs tabs="Swift, Obj-C"}}
{{partial:tab name="Swift"}}
```swift
// Set user properties with identify
let identify = Identify()
identify.set(property: "plan", value: "premium")
identify.set(property: "status", value: "active")
amplitude.identify(identify: identify)

// The user properties are now available in the identity object
let userProperties = amplitude.identity.userProperties
// userProperties contains {"plan": "premium", "status": "active"}
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{partial:tab name="Obj-C"}}
```objc
// Set user properties with identify
AMPIdentify *identify = [AMPIdentify new];
[identify set:@"plan" value:@"premium"];
[identify set:@"status" value:@"active"];
[amplitude identify:identify];

// The user properties are now available in the identity object
NSDictionary *userProperties = amplitude.identity.userProperties;
// userProperties contains {"plan": "premium", "status": "active"}
```
{{/partial:tab}}
{{/partial:tabs}}

The SDK supports the following identify operations for updating user properties:
- `SET`: Sets the property value
- `UNSET`: Removes the property
- `CLEAR_ALL`: Clears all user properties

> Other operations like `SET_ONCE`, `ADD`, `APPEND`, etc. are sent to the server but not cached in the identity object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK sends other operations like `SET_ONCE`, `ADD`, or `APPEND` to the server but doesn't cache in the identity object.
```
